I met my father for the first time when
I was 28 years old when I had children
my children were gonna know who their
father was Chris Gardner was doing his
best we don't need to you don't need one
maybe next quarter it's possible but is
fast wait wasn't enough man I got two
questions for you
what do you do and how do you do it I'm
a stock market stock broker oh hey I'm
gonna let you hang on to my car for the
weekend but I need it back for Monday
feed the meter I need the rent I can't
wait anymore I need you out of here in
the morning you gotta trust me all right
I guess you cuz I'm getting a better job
yeah to see if I can find you an
application for our internship mom left
because of mom and you didn't have
anything to do with that there's no
salary no I was not aware of that my
circumstances have changed something
going I don't know last year we had an
intern score a 90 percent on the written
exam he wasn't chosen it's not a simple
pass/fail I'm not quitting on the [ __ ]
are you don't ever let somebody tell you
you can't do something
not even me all right all right
the necklaces you're pretty determined
I'm in a competitive internship at Dean
Witter
he said you're smart this is impossible
I can do it no one can
[Music]
[Applause]
you got a dream you got to protect it
people can't do something themselves
they wanna tell you you can't do it
you want something go get it period
[Music]